Extensions
=========

In the future we would like to expand quite a few sections in PrashFour IRC Client...to make it a leading contender to atleast one IRC client (at the moment we feel like it is insufficient to be used)

 1. Multiple server support: A bunch of functionality is hard coded in a way as to support a single server. Almost nowhere in the code do we actually check the server associated with the data that Socket.IO is sending us is actually part of the server we are currently connected to (currently there shouldn't be a situation where this happens, but the idea is that if it did happen in the case of having multiple server support, there is no handling currently implemented to make this feasable). The annoying part is a big part of the code would have to be refacted. For example from the WindowList collection, we'd have to have another model, Server, which had a collection of Windows, rather than have the Collection of Windows be the "root" element (as it currently is). The server side maintians an array with index keys of the username...which would be problamatic if we had multiple connections if the element at position index [username] was not itself...an array.
 2. Working on node-irc: node-irc's functionality is very good however it lacks a few things that we generally needed to make this a complete application. In our README we mentioned how we implemented the /whois function, however you will notice in the debug console (command prompt or terminal) that what gets outputted on a WHOIS could be an "UNHANDLED EXCEPTION". The code in node-irc does not handle unhandled exceptions (aka it does not forward it to the socket.io as an event we could handle)...so technically there was no way for us to tell the client that even though we can handle a WHOIS, node-irc cannot (under certain conditions), we cannot output an error. There has been a pull request for months to implement a simple "emit(unhandledexception)" in the code of node-irc, it has yet to be pulled in
 3. API: Generally having the functionality of a WebSocket, there is no reason why we cannot port our event handlers to say an iPhone or Android application, having some unified system that could run multiplatform would be great. We are aware we could just access the website from a mobile device, however our design is not optimized for mobile friendly, and breaks the design to the point of unusuability (as much as Bootstrap tried to help, it didn't)
 4. Support for more commands: We would have liked to implement more things that traditional clients such as mIRC supports, such as the ability to display color codes (currently stripped by node-irc's stripColors), which would require some regular expression knowledge we don't have (all regular expression we have at the moment was found as snippets on stackoverflow). 
 5. Notification Support: In browsers such as FireFox and Chrome, they now support a notification API which can display Windows bubble-like notifications, we'd have liked to implement something like that for example on a message in an inactive page, or notification on a highlight.
 6. Username typeahead: Currently we are using Bootstrap's typeahead() which always displays the results BELOW the input field (atleast in our CSS where we have absolute positioning), and to work around this we position it relatively a fixed position above, which never makes it look just "right". We could have implemented javascript to make it look right however we'd like to have more adaptive typeahead solution than Bootstrap provides (multiple words, not just the first word, command support, etc)
 7. Easter Eggs: I mean, who doesn't love easter eggs?
 8. A more advanced /list. Currently we're relying on a "message" view to display the list of things. This restricts the way we can display the data visually. We could have created a new view hoever we did not want to clutter how our views work at the moment.
 9. ROUTER Support: We did not have enough time to implement a router, that is, a #hash based url for each location on the app. Even though there is only one REAL page ("/"), there are other dynamically generated pages, that should be /#/channel/name /#/pm/user, etc. An individual URL for each different window on the navbar (chat window either public or private, or LIST or STATUS)
 10. SSL support that isn't broken: We have the options to select SSL and "self-signed certificates", unfortunately when we tested it with irc.tawx.net +6697, we couldn't connect...even though this is just as simple as passing the SSL parameters to node-irc, we couldn't diagnose why this didn't work...so it'd be good to fix this, as non-SSL IRC makes us sad.